---
layout: post
title:  "A Blog?"
date:   2023-12-22 18:15:03 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---
Yep, a blog. Believe it or not, not everything I type on my computer is code. Instead, it has been applications for 
scholarship applications, research papers, REU opportunities, and lately, PhD programs. But, beyond my academic-related work, 
I genuinely enjoy writing and am fortunate to enjoy my hobby by being a department editor for the [ACM XRDS Magazine][acm-xrds].

What is the purpose of my blog?

1. Help others


That's it - whether it is helping a computer science student find an REU opportunity for the summer, helping somebody with a Raspberry Pi project, 
or helping someone understand how grad school admissions work. We all stand on the shoulders of giants, and have needed help at some point in time. I have learned tremendously from other blogs, forums, and articles during my journey, and it would be truly fulfilling if I could give back my knowledge to others. If someone can gain something from what I write, my job is complete.

The first few will focus on (1) finding an REU opportunity, as I just helped ~15 students with their applications via Reddit, and (2) the process of applying to PhD programs, since I recently went through this and 
have gotten some acceptances. Beyond that, various topics like creating a portfolio website, various IoT projects, and modifying 3D printers for improved performance are topics I would like to write about.

Cheers to 2024!

[acm-xrds]: https://xrds.acm.org